chore: add details of the framework to the README (#3)
DataChefHQ/damavand: README.md

- **Unified Application and Infrastructure:** Develop both cloud resources and business applications in a unified codebase with a clean, logical structure.
- **ARC Design Pattern:** Follow the proven Application, Resource, and Controller pattern to keep code organized, scalable, and maintainable.
- **Best Practices and Flexibility:** Offers optimized architecture designs while allowing developers to customize each part of the framework when needed.
- **Vendor Independence:** Support for multiple cloud providers, avoiding vendor lock-in and giving you the freedom to deploy anywhere.
- **Rapid Time-to-Market:** Dramatically shortens the time it takes to build and deploy cloud-native applications through pre-architected, cloud-agnostic templates and patterns.

## How Damavand Works

Damavand empowers developers to handle both the application layer and resource layer within one framework. By following the ARC design pattern, it decouples business logic from cloud complexities, enabling easy customization and scalability across different cloud providers.

### Example

> [!TIP]
> Checkout the [examples](examples) directory for more examples.

> Here's an example using Damavand to create an S3 bucket and deploy a simple Flask server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example using Damavand to create an Spark application on AWS (used AWS Glue for compute infrastructure):
```
